#Privacy Policy
This software refers to UWP Magi FliqloClock software (hereinafter referred to as this software).
This software attaches importance to user privacy, and respects and protects the personal privacy of all users using the service.
In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy.
Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, this software will not disclose such information to the public or provide it to a third party without your prior permission. The software will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this software service use agreement, it is deemed that you have agreed to all the contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this software service use agreement.
##1. Scope of application
The personal registration information you provided according to the requirements of the software when you registered the software account;
When you use the software network services or visit the software platform web pages, the software automatically receives and records the information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information, and the web page records you need;
This software obtains the user's personal data from business partners through legal channels. You understand and agree that the following information is not applicable to this privacy policy:
Keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by this software platform;
Relevant information and data collected by the software about your release in the software, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;
Violation of laws or rules of the software and the measures taken by the software against you.
##2. Use of information
This software will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and this software (including the software's associated companies) provide services for you individually or jointly, and after the end of this service, they will be prohibited from accessing all these materials, including those they were able to access before.
This software also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information free of charge by any means. If any user of the software platform engages in the above activities, once found, the software has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.
For the purpose of serving users, the software may provide you with information you are interested in by using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with software partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).
##3. Information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, the software will disclose all or part of your personal information according to your personal will or legal provisions:
Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent;
To provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party;
Disclose to a third party or administrative or judicial authorities according to relevant provisions of laws or requirements of administrative or judicial authorities;
If you violate relevant laws, regulations or this software service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose to a third party;
If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;
In a transaction created on the software platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially performs the transaction obligations and requests information disclosure, the software has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of disputes.
Other disclosures that the software deems appropriate according to laws, regulations or website policies.
##4. Information storage and exchange
The information and materials about you collected by the software will be stored on the servers of the software and/or its affiliated companies, and these information and materials may be transmitted to your country, region or outside the country where the software collects information and materials, and accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.
##5. Cookie usage
If you do not refuse to accept cookies, the software will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the software platform services or functions that depend on cookies. Cookies can provide you with more considerate personalized services, including promotion services.
You have the right to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the network services or functions of the software that depend on cookies.
This policy will apply to the information obtained through the cookies set by this software.
##6. Information Security
a) This software account has security protection function. Please keep your user name and password information properly. This software will ensure that your information will not be lost, abused or altered by encrypting user passwords and other security measures. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
b) When using this software network service to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the user name and password of the software are leaked, please contact the customer service of the software immediately so that the software can take corresponding measures.
